DAN: When Drago inherited the powers of the Sacred Orb
we thought it would be a blessing,
but instead it's a curse. He can't control his energy.
And both of us are being haunted by visions
of a sinister masked man called Mag Mel
and his Bakugan Razenoid.
Everywhere we turn, evil forces like Teams Anubias
and Sellon are infiltrating Bakugan Interspace.
Luckily we can count on Marucho and Shun.
We might just have a chance of regaining control
of Bakugan Interspace and banishing Mag Mel for good!
\u266a What are ya gonna do? \u266a
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The powers in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
[explosion]
ANNOUNCER: What an incredible first victory, battle fans.
Rafe and Paige are certainly proving their worth...
as the newest member of the Battle Brawlers!
SHUN: Hah. Nice brawling.
PAIGE: Yeah, we know how to rock.
MARUCHO: You showed some impressive skills
out there Rafe.
RAFE: What can I say? I learned a thing or two
in my time back home with the Castle Knights.
ANNOUNCER: With this latest victory, there's no question,
the Brawlers have moved on since the departure of Dan Kuso.
ANNOUNCER: And it looks like it's for the better!
ANNOUNCER: The official standings now have the Brawlers
tied with Team Anubias. But as we all know
there can only be one.
SOON: We should be on that leader board with them, Chris.
CHRIS: We will be as soon as Ms. Sellon gets back.
SOON: [gasp]
ANNOUNCER: It's been a long tim e since we've seen a match up
this epic folks, so you can be sure that we're gonna
bear witness to some fearsome brawling!
PAIGE: Hmmmph. Yeah, big deal.
RAFE: Relax, Paige. They're just trying
to get the fans riled up.
MARUCHO: You two are definitely skilled brawlers
but it's important that you don't get cocky
and go into this next battle with blinders on.
MARUCHO: Team Anubias is using new technology.
They're known as BakuNano.
They pack a serious punch and can really do damage
to anyone who gets in their way.
We're going to have to increase our power levels for the next
battle, but we'll have to be careful not to
let things get out of control.
ANNOUNCER: The tension in Battle Arena A is so thick
you can cut it with a knife, fans.
Stick around to see who survives
and who goes down for the count!
MAG MEL: It seems the stage has been set.
RAZENOID: Well, what are they waiting for?
Why don't they fight?
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Triple Threat
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar] DAN: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaah!
DAN: Nice one, Drago!
DRAGO: Thanks. It felt good. It may sound crazy
but I really think we were in synch on that one.
DAN: Naw dude. You're right. I could feel the energy rise
inside of you right in the centre of my own chest.
DRAGO: Finally, our training seems to be working.
Maybe we should try a round with Zenthon
to see how well we can control him.
DAN: Seriously? Are you feeling up to it?
DAN: I'm game if you are, pal.
DRAGO: Let's do it.
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DAN: [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: [gasp]
[mighty roar]
DAN: What's going on?
[laser blast]
DAN: Whoa. That's Bayview!
[mighty roar]
[explosion]
DAN: Noooooooooo!
DAN: [groan]
DRAGO: Dan! Are you okay?
DAN: [panting]
DRAGO: What just happened?
DAN: Another vision.
DRAGO: Tell me what you saw.
DAN: Bayview was...
...was being attacked.
DRAGO: What!
DAN: Razenoid was blowing things up.
There was total chaos everywhere.
It seemed so real. I can still feel it.
The heat...
SELLON: That's because it was real. What you experienced
was a premonition of things to come.
SELLON: A glorious black vision of what Master Mag Mel
has in store for you once he has attained the Ultimate Power.
DAN: Mag Mel!
ANNOUNCER: The time has come people.
New crew on the block, Team Anubias will be
facing off against the Battle Brawlers!
ANNOUNCER: Can you dig it?
DYLAN: Let's see who'll be the next kings of the ring.
ANUBIAS: What a rip off!
I should be the one hunting down Dan and Drago not Sellon!
That battle was owed to me!
[frustrated grunt]
ANUBIAS: I don't know what Master Mag Mel was thinking.
She's no match for the likes of Dan Kuso.
Perhaps I'll have to finish him off, once I'm done here.
SELLON: Well gentleman, as pleasant as this has been,
I do have business to attend to. So if you'll indulge
a lady may we please proceed ahead to battling?
DAN: Tell us who you are!
SELLON: I suppose I could do that but then...
I'd spoil the surprise!
DRAGO: Well, that doesn't look very friendly.
SELLON: The time for talking is over, Dan.
SELLON: You may have beaten the one who came before me,
but he wasn't half the battler that I am.
DAN: Huh?
DAN: That dude was working for Mag Mel too?
DAN: [gasp]
ANNOUNCER: If looks could brawl these two teams
would already be tearing each other apart!
JACK: Aw yeah, a walk in the park!
PAIGE: For a little guy, you've got a really big mouth.
RAFE: Don't waste your breath, Paige.
We'll show him soon enough.
SHUN: As soon as we win this, we're going to wipe
this place clean of all your chaos.
MARUCHO: We're going to bring back
the spirit of good sportsmanship!
JACK: [laughter] You guys are hilarious!
ROBIN: The strong survive by chewing up the weak
and spitting them out! Accept it.
MARUCHO: It's horrible attitudes like that,
that have poisoned this place!
SHUN: Chaos is a sickness that the Brawlers are about to cure!
ANUBIAS: You wish!
ANNOUNCER: Bakugan Field, open!
SHUN: Alright. Gate Card, set! Hah!
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl! Hah.
SHUN: Bakugan stand!
SHUN: Let's go, Ventus Taylean.
ANUBIAS: Bakugan Brawl!
ROBIN: Bakugan brawl! MARUCHO: Bakugan Brawl!
ANUBIAS: Rise Darkus Horridian.
MARUCHO: Let's go, Aquos Tristar.
ROBIN: Rise Pyrus Bolcanon.
SELLON: May I have this dance?
DAN: We may have drifted apart before,
but now we've got our groove back stronger than ever!
DAN: Let's go, Drago!
DRAGO: I'm with you.
SELLON: Ability activate!
SELLON: Mars Extension!
SELLON: Let's see how you do against the trifecta of Ventus,
Haos and Subterra powers coming at you in one attack!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Titanium Screen!
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
SELLON: Having trouble?
DRAGO: Aaaaarrrrrrgggggghhhhh!
DAN: Drago!
DRAGO: Oooomph!
DRAGO: That just made me mad.
SELLON: I'm impressed that you're actually
getting up for more.
DRAGO: It's going to take a lot more than that to keep me down.
DAN: Yeaaaah! Let's go, pal!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Force Striker!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaah!
SELLON: He took down all three of my pets!
That's incredible.
DAN: Awesome!
You showed real control with that attack, buddy!
DRAGO: Like you said, we've got our groove back.
SELLON: Hah! We'll see.
Come, Chaos Bakugan Flash Ingram!
DAN: Oh man!
SELLON: BakuNano Coin Blaster, destroy!
DRAGO: Huh? DAN: Whoa. What are those?
SELLON: Each BakuNano equips multiple Flash Ingrams...
covering all six attributes. Let's see how you fair
against them, shall we?
SELLON: This is for the glory of Master Mag Mel!
DAN: We might be calling on you soon Mechtogan Zenthon!
SELLON: Listen closely and you will hear the sound of...
...your own demise!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: [grunt, exertion reax] Well this is a new one.
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
DAN: [grunt, exertion reax] Drago! If we're gonna take them
down then we gotta use Dragon Force Stryker again!
DRAGO: I'm ready!
SELLON: Ability activate!
SELLON: Crash Force!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: What's wrong, buddy?
SELLON: I just nullified your pathetic ability, that's what.
DAN: Are you kidding?
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: If we can't activate abilities then we should...
DRAGO: I'm reading your mail!
SELLON: [gasp]
DAN: Oooooohhhhhhhmmmmm...
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar] DAN: [rising mighty roar]
SELLON: Oh no!
DAN: Yeah, Zenthon!
[rising mighty roar]
SELLON: Take him, down!
[explosions]
SELLON: Hah!... [gasp]
SELLON: How is it possible that after getting hit
with six simultaneous blasts there's...
...not even a scratch?!
DAN: That was wicked!
DRAGO: He protected us without question.
ZENTHON: Isn't that why you summoned me?
DAN: He's talking again!
DRAGO: I definitely wasn't expecting that.
DRAGO: Thank-you, Zenthon.
ZENTHON: Hummm. There is no need...
...for my master and creator to thank me
for doing what is my duty and obligation.
[mighty roar]
DRAGO: Now that we're in synch...
...we can clearly communicate with him.
DAN: Cool. Let's try a counter attack!
ZENTHON: As you wish.
[heavy ground impact]
[laser blasts]
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaah!
SELLON: No way. This isn't possible.
SELLON: So Dan and Drago finally have control
over their Mechtogan.
SELLON: Perhaps the Key and the Gate that Master Mag Mel
spoke about them possessing are closer than we thought.
SELLON: But if they're still unaware that they have it
then maybe I still have a chance to steal it.
SELLON: Master Mag Mel. Bestow your powers unto me!
SELLON: Come Mechtogan!
[rising mighty roars]
DAN: Whoa! She's got three Mechtogan.
DRAGO: It looks like she really means business.
SELLON: Deezal...
...Rock Fist...
...Miserak!
SELLON: Why don't you say hello
to the three most powerful Mechtogan in existence!
[heavy metallic impact]
DRAGO: Zenthon!
DAN: Let's give him some back up.
DAN: Ability activate!
Revolutional!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaah!
[heavy ground impact]
DAN: Ability activate!
Thor Buster!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: Are you okay, Zenthon?
SELLON: Are they insane?
They're actually going to take on all of them on!
SELLON: [groan]
SELLON: Controlling all three might be too much for me.
SELLON: But, if it took Master Mag Mel's power
just for me to summon them, I'm going to have to
push myself to the limit and fight on.
I'm better than Anubias! I can do this!
I will not go back empty handed.
ANUBIAS: Let's go, Horridian.
ANUBIAS: BakuNano Aeroblaze, destroy!
ROBIN: BakuNano Hyper Pulsor, destroy!
SHUN: Get ready, Taylean!
TAYLEAN: Hmmmmph!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaah!
SELLON: I will fight for the glory of my Master!
DAN: Oh snap!
SELLON: I fear nothing and will go to any lengths to win this!
DAN: You're not the only one with guts here, lady!
[laser blasts]
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DAN: [grunt, exertion reax] Whoooooa!
DRAGO: Dan!
MAG MEL: What is this wonderfully dense energy?
It's incredible. [evil cackle]
MAG MEL: I want more! [evil laughter]
DAN: Shun! Marucho!
DAN: Whoooooooa!
Oooomph! [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: That one really hurt.
DAN: I've gotta get back and warn the others.
DRAGO: Zenthon! Dan!
Oh you guys are gonna pay!
[mighty roar]
SELLON: Hah! Still have a brave face?
This is the end for... [gasp]
SELLON: [groan] Not yet.
SELLON: I must finish these two off, first!
DRAGO: You're about to feel a world of hurt, my friend.
DAN: No, Drago wait...
DAN: You can't do this alone buddy...
DAN: Remember our training... [grunt]
DAN: We've gotta stay in synch!
DRAGO: Got it! Thanks!
DRAGO: Zenthon, the only way we're going to win is to use our
combined strength by bringing our hearts and minds together!
DAN: You've gotta join us, buddy!
Together we can smoke these dudes!
DRAGO and DAN: You're not alone, anymore!
[ground impacts]
ZENTHON: I must be one with my creator and his battler.
SELLON: [angry grunt] Now, Miserak!
SELLON: [gasp] What are they doing?
MAG MEL: Yeeeeeeeeessssss. There it is again!
Give it all to me!
SELLON: Is it possible...?
SELLON: ...that it's really being generated by them.
SELLON: By them coming together?
DRAGO: I feel something... DAN: ...coming!
MAG MEL: The energy! Something is changing!
DAN: Is that what I think it is?
DRAGO: It's a massive Mechtogan!
SELLON: It can't be!
SELLON: Based on your combined power,
you were able to summon a Mechtogan Titan.
DAN: A Mechtogan Titan?
[huge ground impact]
[rising mighty roar]
[laser blast]
SELLON: Oh... His power is terrifying!
[metal impacts]
DAN: That dude's hardcore!
[mighty roar]
SELLON: No...
Nooooo!
DAN: We did it!
DRAGO: Yes, I guess we did.
DRAGO: If it weren't for Zenthon coming when we summoned him,
I'm not sure we would have won.
DAN: I know.
ZENTHON: I'll be here whenever you call.
That much I can promise.
DAN: We're a team now, Zenthon!
DRAGO: Until next time, my friend.
SELLON: I must admit, you battled well. Congratulations.
DAN: [gasp]
SELLON: You may keep your gate and key.
DRAGO: What is she talking about?
DAN: Dude, I have no idea.
SELLON: The end of the world is still coming.
DAN: [gasp] What do you mean?
SELLON: Oh, you'll find out...
SELLON: ...sooner than you think.
Until then.
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Slash Rise Thunder!
ROBIN: What?!
ANNOUNCER: And Bolcanon goes down
at the hands of Shun and Taylean.
Only Anubias is left standing against the Battle Brawlers!
Will he be able to dig himself out of this hole?
ANUBIAS: Yeah! No problem.
MARUCHO: You can't win this!
So you may as well give up now, Anubias!
SHUN: Yeah! We're going to restore order in here
by getting rid of you.
ANUBIAS: You're hilarious. Soon enough, there'll be
nothing left for you to protect.
SHUN: [gasp] MARUCHO: [gasp]
MAG MEL: Finally I can feel the swell of energy we've been
waiting for all along...
RAZENOID: The time has come!
MAG MEL: ...to free us of these shackles!
SHUN: [gasp] MARUCHO: [gasp]
ANNOUNCER: Attention everyone! This is an emergency!
RAFE: What?! PAIGE: Whoa!
ANNOUNCER: A faction of rogue Bakugan
have gone on a rampage inside Interspace.
DYLAN: Well this is awfully interesting.
I wonder how it will turn out.
ANUBIAS: I told you both already...
MARUCHO: Huh?!
ANUBIAS: ...it's the end.
MARUCHO: Just when we were trying to clean up
Bakugan Interspace for good, things dissolved into
pure and utter chaos. Bakugan were going on rampages
and destroying everything in sight.
It all seemed hopeless but then help came from
the most unexpected source. We couldn't believe it!
It was someone I never expected to see again,
that's for sure. But luckily he somehow knew we were in trouble
and swooped in just in time to lend a much-needed hand.
You should tune in to see who it was.
Things were so crazy I almost didn't notice that
Dan and Drago were back. It was too much!
DAN: Boo-ya!
\u266a [MUSIC]